
attaques sur la base, basées sur le nombre de points par 30 mins, à partir d'un certain niveau
changer la mission rescue, mettre un seul .sqf
pouvoir desactiver musiques
optimiser le choix de musiques (dynamiques ?).

PFLIR NAZE, améliorer


hint d'aide apparaissent seulement lors de la 1ère partie.

ajouter support truck (support unlock ?)
BASES PREFABS (altis)
mettre à jour VAS --> 1.7

field refit
ajouter jeep

transformer cp en AP

Tim_Fragmagnet: Optimization idea for DUWS,   add a user changable setting for a distance at which the AI in a zone starts up, instead of every zone being simulated and tanking the FPS.
Tim_Fragmagnet: and still have a choice to diable it
Tim_Fragmagnet: big old block of text right here

There could also be zone creation choices,

Simultanious - aka what happens now
Simultanious: Close - zones spawn close the HQ
Simultanious: Far - zones spawn far from the HQ
Sequential - 1 zone spawns and another spawns after that one is taken (or you can also have a version with a timer)
Sequential: Close - same as sequential but close to the HQ
Sequential: Far - you get the idea.
Sequential: Progressive - Zones keep spawning farther away from the HQ.
Cluster - like sequential but they spawn multiple at a time from a user defined number (can have a timer version of this one too)
Cluster: Close
Cluster: Far
Cluster: Progressive
Pack Spawn: This one seems like a neato idea, zones spawn like in cluster, however, they spawn very close to each other and all act as if they were one big zone with AI explicitly patrolling between them and such, and when you capture one, AI from the others goes to provide reinforcements
Pack Spawn: Close
Pack Spawn: Far
Pack Spawn: Progressive
Tim_Fragmagnet: Also here's another idea,  for random enemy AI patrols,   if there are multiple zones that have ocean water within them, boat patrols, bam more stuff
Tim_Fragmagnet is now Online.
Tim_Fragmagnet: also here's a sidemission idea    when the blufor army power gets high enough
Tim_Fragmagnet: add a side mission to laser target stuff for a helicopter
Tim_Fragmagnet: also for the assassination side missions,  make it so that if you get detected before the target is dead, you fail.
Tim_Fragmagnet: but make a different version called eliminate target, where being detected is fine.
Tim_Fragmagnet: and have another side mission type called assault,   where there's a group blufor waiting to attack a position and they go once you get there.     and have tanks and such
